hi welcome to classic cars driven my
name's Matt Nichols and today we're
driving the 911 T with a difference
it's being retrofitted with slightly
larger 2200 CC v6 engine which replaces
to understand a 2-liter engine that was
in the 1511 tea
Cassie post ribbon suffice it on the
website
it's a great car in terms of its
lightness and deafness and balance but
you do feel it's like a little bit in
terms of power and I think this
retrofitted 2.2 unit goes some way to
addressing that balance
also the cars being done up like the one
that you might have noticed on the start
of the monster Steve McQueen film it's a
kind of take on that so the push allies
are slightly lower stands the color
choice the whole look about the car is
great and for that point that reason
alone well we're taking us for a spin
my reputation
the engines nights are like man
the education effects
investing an immense
to say
Road conditions
things that could be contributing factor
the thing you're gonna treat these cars
with respect for the 60s
it's approaching 50 years old
in Iran every vent
essentially motive pedals which on this
left-hand drive car
and swing round to the centered over to
the right
now the other thing is when you first
get in and I am an early walk with the
pedal range me like that it's really
weird it feels like you're on a group
think we can passenger
and the strangest thing is that once you
choking on a couple times we don't even
think about it it's like a natural
position for your feet to be is my
they've already thought about it
the other thing he said
bring the client events
to stop
because of the reputation
you take it in two coolers at a
reasonable pace break into the end they
tense
sighs
he's an absolute
the pedals which is simply arranged
the GTV
quite a breakdown so this is none of
your modern-day swing a thumb across
with the front of the brake pedal you
sort of bring in here to make sure your
feet clear the panel make sure you hit
the target correctly it always helps
all in all I have to say I'm a real fan
of the early night I don't mind that
this one sir after driving we're trying
to pilot Randall UK I've got no problem
that at all the steering on this is
power-assisted
the other one that we drove
very early nineteen didn't have any
power systems given the choice I think I
go about power assistance but it doesn't
really intrude on the driving experience
later the engine at the back really
isn't the problem I think you'd have
been pushing quite hard and all the
conditions would have to be quite
slippery before that took effect so I
wouldn't be too concerned about doing
that if you're in the market to buy or
indeed to hire a car like this
the nice thing about this car is the way
that it looks and the way that it makes
you feel on the roads
is quite severe
really fast
I'll be Matt Nichols and today we'll be
joined a 911 T kept up slightly of a 2.2
liter flat since engine